Welcome to release 20070131 of osh!

Osh(1) is an enhanced, backward-compatible port of the Sixth Edition
Thompson shell (circa 1975).  The original Thompson shell was
principally written by Ken Thompson of Bell Labs.

Sh6(1) (a port of the original shell) and glob6(1) (a port of the
global command) are also included in this package.  Like osh, they
provide a user interface which is backward compatible with that
provided by the Sixth Edition Thompson shell and global command,
without the obvious enhancements.

Notice that this package also includes the following shell utilities:

	if(1) - conditional command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	goto(1) - transfer command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	fd2(1) - a utility to redirect file descriptor 2

--------
INSTALL:
Select the instructions under 1), 2), or 3) depending on which parts
of the osh package you wish to install.

1) The following steps build/install everything:

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

2) The following steps build/install osh, if, goto, and fd2:

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make oshall' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install-oshall' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

3) The following steps build/install sh6, glob6, if, goto, and fd2:

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make sh6all' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install-sh6all' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

--------
This software should build and work correctly on any POSIX-compliant
Unix system.  In particular, it is currently developed, maintained,
and tested by the developer on NetBSD, OpenBSD, and Mac OS X.  In
the past, it has also been successfully tested on FreeBSD and on
various distributions of GNU/Linux.

If you think you may have found a bug, before reporting it, please
try to reproduce it with the latest version of the code.  With bug
reports, please try to ensure that enough information to reproduce
the problem is enclosed.  Also, if a known fix for it exists then
please include that as well.  All bug reports should be sent to the
following email address:
	jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org

If you have any questions about this software, I encourage you to
contact me via email.  Enjoy!

Jeffrey Allen Neitzel
jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org
http://jneitzel.sdf1.org/osh/
